make `IOStream` thread-safe (#32421)
JuliaLang/julia: NEWS.md

Multi-threading changes
-----------------------

* All system-level I/O operations (e.g. files and sockets) are now thread-safe.

>   This does not include subtypes of `IO` that are entirely in-memory, e.g. `IOBuffer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This does not include subtypes of `IO` that are entirely in-memory, such as `IOBuffer`,
  although it specifically does include `BufferStream`.
```
